Feature/v2 http-plugin dangerous settings / disable ssl verification - issue #518 (#2204)
tauri-apps/plugins-workspace: .changes/http-dangerous-settings.md

---
"http": minor
"http-js": minor
---

> http new api to disable tls hostname/certificate validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `dangerous-settings` feature flag and new JS `danger` option to disable tls hostname/certificate validation.
```
